fix: not to throw error when no txs in block (#982)
Finschia/finschia-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (x/collection) [\#960](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/960) Fix default next class ids of x/collection
* (x/collection) [\#961](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/961) Do not loop enum in x/collection
* (x/collection,token) [\#957](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/957) Refactor queries of x/collection and x/token

> * (x/auth) [\#957](https://github.com/line/lbm-sdk/pull/957) Fix not to emit error when no txs in block while querying `GetBlockWithTxs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/auth) [\#957](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/957) Fix not to emit error when no txs in block while querying `GetBlockWithTxs`
```

Reviewer 2: And the PR number is 982.
